[Intro]
Hi, I'm Ian.
[What was your favourite class in the graphic design program?]
Motion graphics. I just love the idea of animating and bringing my designs to life.
[What influences your work as a designer?]
the content I consume, so TV shows, movies, music for books.
[What is your dream company/studio to work with?]
would probably be something like WB games,
in a motion capacity,
but my dream would be to apply my designs in content I would like to consume normally.
[What is your favourite colour?]
My favourite colour,
typically I'd want to say black, most people call it a shade.
So I'd have to say a nice, like dark Royal purple.
[What is your favourite font? What font describes your personality?]
My favourite font is freight.
And a font that describes my personality.
I want to say Wolf’s Bane it’s a decorative font so it's a little extra, it's sharp, bold kind of eccentric.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
I mean, as mentioned before, I like to read, watch TV, play video games, I guess, listening to music counts.
[What is your favourite Adobe application to work with?]
And my favourite Adobe application to work with is InDesign,
I like how nicely it is to work in, how everything gets packaged at the end and how it can just flow all the content.
It's definitely my favourite aside from AfterEffects.
And that's a little bit about me as a designer.
Thank you for watching.
[Outro]